### Agenda
- Discuss contents of team meeting (Oct 7) with Ritu to get the teaching team on the same page
- Discuss direction of project - using soil and wetlands metadata, removing atacama soil
- Discuss research question involving pH and C:N ratios
   - pH categories will have to be made
- Discuss manifest files, particularily for wetlands metadata
- Discuss merging datasets together for Qiime2 analysis


### Meeting Minutes
